DOC Add SortPlugin to the docs (#408)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/19_GraphQL/02_working_with_dataobjects/02_query_plugins.md

}
```

> In addition, you can use the custom sorting plugin ([`SortPlugin`](api:SilverStripe\GraphQL\Schema\Plugin\SortPlugin)) to sort fields that have `has_many` and `many_many` relationships. To do this, simply add the required fields to the query, as well as the `sort` argument to these fields. It is also necessary to update the scheme by adding a `sorter` plugin to those fields that need to be sorted. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, you can use the field sorting plugin ([`SortPlugin`](api:SilverStripe\GraphQL\Schema\Plugin\SortPlugin)) to sort fields that represent `has_many` and `many_many` relationships. To do this, simply add the desired fields to the query, as well as the `sort` argument to these fields. It is also necessary to update the scheme by adding a `sorter` plugin to those fields that need to be sorted. 
```

Author: Updated
